Document timeliness of exception request as assessment criteria (#1673)
kubernetes/sig-release: releases/EXCEPTIONS.md

## Exception Criteria

Exceptions will be granted on the basis of *risk*, *length of exception required*, and *timeliness of exception request*.

The enhancement coming in late should represent a **low risk to the Kubernetes system** - it should not risk other areas of the code, and it should itself be well contained and tested.

An issue must be opened for the enhancement in the [enhancements repo](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues).

The length of exception needed should be on the order of days, not weeks. If there are 3 PRs in and 1 still waiting review, that's a much stronger case than a enhancement that doesn't have any PRs out yet.

> Exceptions should be filed at the earliest oppitunity, including before the deadline if it is likely to miss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exceptions should be filed at the earliest opportunity i.e., as soon as it's clear an enhancement may miss the deadline
```
